{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Simulated carbon fiber on command line.\
FOS_Torsion = 3, FOS_TB = 5\
\
Min-weight actually fits our specs:\
           FIBER: 'DragonPlate'\
          MATRIX: 'Epoxy 3501'\
     FoS_Torsion: 3.7680\
          FoS_TB: 5.2089\
              OD: 2.9000\
              ID: 2.6800\
       THICKNESS: 0.1100\
          LENGTH: 15\
            MASS: 0.7615\
     TORQUEinlbs: 8.4942e+03\
     SHOCKFACTOR: 1.3000\
     FAILUREMODE: 'Yield'\
    TWISTdegrees: 2.0449\
\
We also tried using FOS = 2, 3, but weight decreased by less than 0.2 lbs per halfshaft, and we reasoned that this weight loss wasn\'92t worth the increased testing that would be needed if reliability wasn\'92t good enough.\
\
We also elected to spec based on inverted axles. For non-inverted axles, we would potentially be able to use smaller diameters, and therefore be lighter. However, we reasoned that transitioning to a smaller axle would be more conservative than going to a bigger one. If we tested on a bigger one and determined that a certain bond area worked, then moved to a smaller axle, we would have to increase the bond length in order to have the same bond area. As a result, there would be a longer taper to transfer torque between the axle and the plug, which would result in a higher factor of safety. If we went the other way, we\'92d have to retest to figure out if the shorter bond length would require a larger area. Therefore, we want to test on the larger axles and move down if needed.\
\
For inverted axles, the inner diameter of the axle needs to be equal to the outer diameter of the plug, which is around 0.1\'94 + the outer diameter of the insert. The B17 outboard housing was 2.75\'94 in diameter, but the insert was 0.125\'94 thick. Assuming that we can move to a thinner insert, we\'92d ideally be looking at IDs from 2.6 to 2.7\'94.\
\
Possible tubes on Rockwest: (ID, OD, t)\
2.625, 2.76, 0.067\
2.875, 3, 0.062\
2.875, 3.02,\
\
\
\
}